Sastra
======
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Sammyfrw/sastra/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Sammyfrw/sastra)
What is Sastra?
---------------

Sastra is a lightweight social networking app that seeks to bring together the
people that makes up the creative writing industry in a single app. It allows
users to connect easily with each other with minimal hassle, minimal weight,
and minimal setup.

Users can set themselves to be an author, a publisher, a bookstore or simply
just a reader. Authors are able to add books that they've authored onto a
database, which can then be paired with Publishers that have published/plan to
publish the book, or Bookstores that have begun/plan to sell the book. Each
user can assign each other to be work partners, establishing visual connection
of their partnership.

Users that bookmark other users or books are able to keep track of
announcements or promotions made pertaining to their work. They are able to
showcase quotes, books, recent highlights or announcements or leave shouts on
each others' walls or perhaps engage in private chats/group chats with users.

While the site is indeed aimed at the creative writing industry for creative
writing related purposes, it doubles as a social site for people involved in
the industry. In this way, authors are able to communicate and obtain feedback
easier from their readers or meet new potential publishers. Through the
networking possibilities of Sastra, members of the creative writing industry
are able to associate easier with each other locally or internationally.

Code in Sastra
--------------

Sastra is intentionally coded to be very light and 'wide', adhering to SOLID
design principles wherever possible. For that reason, a large focus will be on
refactoring and minimizing dependencies, in order to allow additional features
to be attached without creating hassle. As it is currently a work in progress,
the code will continue to shift and change such that it meets this goal.

Many relationships in Sastra are many-to-many and/or polymorphic associations.
This is necessary to minimize repetititon while keeping much of the database
connected with as little dependency as possible. It pays off and allows for
flexibility from a user and developer standpoint in the product.

Contribution
------------

To contribute, feel free to contact me on GitHub or my email
(sammyfrw@gmail.com). For the most part, suggestions, comments and ideas on
pull requests are always appreciated.
